who would be capable of influencing an
investigation one thing is yeah until
they decide to come forward with what
they do have the police can make all the
claims they want and there's nothing to
stop here looking for a suspect vehicle
which was described as a white or
off-white jam tonight amazes me that
when we have professional bodyguards as
part of this entourage that they can't
even give us an accurate description of
the vehicle and which is described as a
white or light-colored your PAP PAP PAP
I can't understand man with a status so
high kick it moving on the streets and
they let it just slide and Mikey's
prophesize and open up the eyes suppose
they every move and catch him in a lie
with the situation's getting out of hand
there's a hole in the system home we
just snap the plan no stop yes they left
us in the coal why you think they call
them homicide is everybody throws and it
shows case closed y'all people cooking
man and everybody know the show I the
head okay you back about a case on the
TV show homie but the plot case blows
got y'all kill them with the flow with
you can't comprehend I'm talking to the
Popo Oh Papa's right things won't change
so I figure I'll take the torch to spark
a little flame Mark Jones y'all niggas
got the pump hope be spinning hook cook
cook gotta keep your eyes on the shots
where you moving through the streets cuz
they cook cook try to understand in your
heart they can never be peace cuz they
cook
rook rook that's why pliable d will be
rolled to the streets cuz they cook cook
cook mind over matter I can't tell
there's a spell in the streets and I
wonder if it's a bitch in the woods jail
if Elliott aviso I'm knowing in my heart
that could never be peace sorry did they
wonder why we beamed out with every time
we try to speak all they do is tune us
out here now you need for playing games
to be honest holy hell she take the
blame ya for justice not being served
got some nerve to hypnotize us for false
work hit ain't fair man just listen to
the dawn dog they don't really care man
yoon SI was going down they look the
other way every time we faced dad ain't
see nothing just ride homie homie if I
die don't let the log ride for me homie
dawg don't y'all niggas bout the pump
hobie spinning hook good cook gotta keep
your eyes on the shots where you moving
through the streets cuz they cook cook
cook try to understand in your heart
they can never be peace cuz they cook
that's why pliable DD will be rode
through the streets cuz they cook cook
cook cook anything come cooking when he
saw cooker when they dumped hey
go-getter the ears cook it when they
come fuck it when they start looking
when he done
you